1. An ant is a very small insect
2. My aunt is will come to visit next weekend
3. This is my aunt Betty. She doesn't like ants.
4. Who is your favorite ant?
5. An ant is considered to be a very hardworking animal

Back/bag 
1. Have you seen my bag? 
2. Where did you put my bag? 
3. When you will be back? 
4. The soldiers back to back from the front line
5. He left his home when he was five and never went back 
6. He keep his wallet in his bag pocket
7. We drive on the back roads instead of the main roads
8. Which bag did you put it in? 

Bear/beer
1. I think a bear is cuddly animal
2.  I don't like beer
3. A beer is native to Canada
4. Would you like beer or wine with your dinner?

because/of course

1. Because his situation, he couldn't pay
2. Why don't you go? Because I'm not off at the time
3. Of course I will!
4. I ran because I was afraid

Bird / beard
1. He grew a beard and a mustache 
2. Did you know that a goat has a beard 
3. I think the bird has broken its wing
4. A large bird flew overhead
5. I don't like a man with a beard
6. What is the colour of his beard 

bought/brought

1. What have you brought for dinner?
2. He hasn't brought any wine for the party 
3. How much luggage has he bought?
4. I bought a lot of books on my last visit to the states


1. Ant can't fly
2. Bear can't sleep in summer 
3. All animals can fly because they have wings
4. Dog has a beard
5. I bought the university 

US flag 
Bald eagle
US landmark 
Washington 
Abraham Lincoln
Mount Rushmore



1. I use ______to get to my 7th floor 
2. Today I put the________
3. I live in ________


My product is ==expensive==, ==big== but all students can't study with out it. Because it's helping with study and I'm writing this text for them. Its's ==beautiful== 


